------------ OOPS --------------

    Object oriented programming is a programming approach where we organize a program around object rather than functions and procedures.


    function  ---> is block of code to do specific task.
    procedure ---> is block of code that performs some action without returning anything.

CLASS :

    class is a template / blueprint to create objects.

    class is also called as user-defined datatype.

    Student s1; ---> declaration of class.
    
    s1 = new Student(); 
   
    s1 is in stack and stores address(start) of space in heap memory.

    1.s1 is called reference variable, it is not a object it is variable which stores address.
    2.object is stored in heap memory and it dont have any specific name.(unnamed.)

    new KEYWORD :

        'new' keyword will allocated some space in heap memory and this allocation is at runtime so this process is called "DYNAMIC MEMORY ALLOCATION."

    ---> int x =5; it is static memory allocation this is at compile time.

    . OPERATOR :

        It is used to move to the object in heap.

    --> variables defined in class are called "instance variables." and methods are called "instance methods."

    --> instance variables have default values but local variables have no values because they have short scope and they are temporary.
    
    --> Default value of an object is null.

CONSTRUCTORS :

    Construtors are used to create an object.

    RULES :

        1.same name as class .
        2.no return type not even void.
        3.automatically called while object creation.
        4.used to initialise an object.
        5.It can also be overloaded.

    DEFAULT CONSTRUTOR :
      
        Java automatically creates it.

        --> when we create our own construtor default construtor gets deleted.

    PARAMETERIZED CONSTRUTOR:

        construtor which has parameters.

this KEYWORD :

    'this' keyword refers to the current object.

    this stores current objects reference.

    1.used in constructor to avoid confusion between instance variables and construtor parameters.
    2.used to call other contrutor in a construtor.(this())

CONSTRUCTOR CHAINING :

    one constructor is called in another construtor using this().when we have multiple construtors and want to reuse the initialization code instead of writing it again.
---> constructor calling using this() should be exactly in the first line of another construtor.

---> we cannot call construtor manually.
---> what if space is not enough to create an object dynamically?
       then we get runtime exception-space not enough in heap.

OBJECTS :

    size of reference variables in stact 4/8 byte depends on jvm usually 4 bytes.

    object size 
         -> object headers -> contains metadata(1.markwords -> about lock,synchronization,garbage collection. (8 bytes) 2.class pointer -> reference of class (4/8 bytes.))
         -> exact fields   -> exact data (variables (primitive) and references )
         -> padding        -> when cpu takes data for processing it takes in multiple of 8 bytes.

         8 + 4    + 16  = 28  padding will be 32-28 = 4 bytes.
    
CALL BY VALUE vs.  CALL BY REFERENCE 

    call by value :
        when we call a method using variables the values of these variables copies to the method declaration and these wont affect the original variables.

    call by reference :
        when we call a method using variables the original variables are passed to the method declaration. hence
    original value gets changed.

    ----> java uses call by value.

SHALLOW COPY & DEEP COPY :

    we can pass an object to construtor

    Truck(Truck t){
        this.color =t.color;
        this.wheels=t.wheels;
    }

    Truck t1=new Truck();
    t1.color= black;
    t1.wheels=16;
    Truck t2=new Truck(t1); ---> deep copy.    (if we change values with t2, t1 values wont change.)
    Truck t3=t1             ---> shallow copy. (if we change values with t3, t1 values will change.)

STATIC :

    If there is a property for all the objects so then dont need to initialise it again and again.we can initialize it in class with 'static' variable so that value will be common for all the created objects.

    Student s1= new Student();

    s1.college="iit"

    Student.college ="iit"

        both are correct ways to access but using class is recommended,if we change one object college value all the objects will be initialised to new value,for the programn execution to save it permanently change/ save value in db/file.

    --> static variables are not stored in heap.

    --> it is common for all objects and it is in class it is called as class variable.
    
    --> same goes for static methods.

    Rules for static method :

       1.one static method can only call other static method.(if there is a non-static method in static method so when we call static method without creating object we cant call non-static method. )
       2.static methods can only use static variables.
       3.static methods does not have access to this keyword.

    static block :
        It is used to initialise static variables or logic.

        static block only executes once that is after class loaded, and it wont execute for every object creation.

    class cannot be static but nested class can be.

FINAL :

    final variables are constants and by convention we write them in UPPER CASE.(if there are multiple words we separate them with underscores.)


    -> Declaration and initialisation is only once(final variables values cannot be changed.)

    -> Final (variables,methods,class,parameters)

we can initialise a variable with both static and final.

String[] args ?

    previous there is only one way of taking input by giving them after 

    1.javac Trail.java
    2.java Trail "naveen "nithin" "rajitha"